docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Developing MaintainX take-home project
This is a small documentation to explain the development process that was done to deliver the project.
Also i will be mentioning enhancments that we could use.

## Planning project

The first step was to go through the instruction and create relevant tickets. I used github projects to keep track of my progress and TODOs. You can find the details (here)[https://github.com/users/michelbeyrouty/projects/1]

## Start Project
Run these commands to start the project locally:
```
yarn install
yarn start
```

## Possible enhancments
Possible enhacments for the project:

- Use proper logging Library instead of simply using console.log
- Add versioning to routes `/api/v1`
- Use [http-status-codes](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-status-codes) 3rd party library for status codes
- Add functional tests
- Add pagination
- Enhance validation in api controllers
- Enhance UI screen size responsivness

## Notes
- Added delay on frontend to showcase async components

## Reference
- [Suspense Implementation](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71915721/how-i-can-get-suspense-to-work-on-react-18)
- [sqlite transaction](https://www.sqlitetutorial.net/sqlite-transaction/)

Commit message:

Feature/18 Add API integrations 🦾 (#19)
* [18] Update documentation

* [18] Add integration

* [18] Add integration

* [18] Add integration

* [18] Add integration

* [18] Add integration

* [18] Add postman collection

* [18] Add modal

* [18] Add modal

* [18] Add modal

docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Developing MaintainX take-home project
This is a small documentation to explain the development process that was done to deliver the project.
Also i will be mentioning enhancments that we could use.

## Planning project

The first step was to go through the instruction and create relevant tickets. I used github projects to keep track of my progress and TODOs. You can find the details (here)[https://github.com/users/michelbeyrouty/projects/1]

## Start Project
Run these commands to start the project locally:
```
yarn install
yarn start
```

## Possible enhancments
Possible enhacments for the project:

- Use proper logging Library instead of simply using console.log
- Add versioning to routes `/api/v1`
- Use [http-status-codes](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-status-codes) 3rd party library for status codes
- Add functional tests
- Add pagination
- Enhance validation in api controllers
- Enhance UI screen size responsivness

## Task Board
This [board](https://github.com/users/michelbeyrouty/projects/1) has been used to keep track of the app progress

## Postman Collection
Postman collection can be found [here](`docs/postman_collection.json`)
## Notes
- Added delay on frontend to showcase async components

## Reference
- [Suspense Implementation](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71915721/how-i-can-get-suspense-to-work-on-react-18)
- [sqlite transaction](https://www.sqlitetutorial.net/sqlite-transaction/)
